docs: add Droid Computers documentation (#789)
Factory-AI/factory: docs/cli/features/droid-computers.mdx

---
title: Droid Computers
description: Persistent, long-lived compute environments for Droid
---

<Note>

> **Research Preview** — Droid Computers is currently available only to **Max** and **Enterprise** plan subscribers. There is a limit of **one computer per user**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Research Preview** — Droid Computers is currently available only to select organizations. There is a limit of **one computer per user**.
```
Just in case some curious users stumble on these docs
